Now that we have packaged our chart and signed it, it's time to upload all of our hard work
online so that our users can easily install it with a simple command like helm install
my release, the repo / nginx or whatever it is that we have created.
Now generally, our chart repositories will contain these things, the packaged chart in our case,
this is the nginx chart.tgz file that we have created in the previous lesson, the index file
and index.yaml file that we will soon create will contain information about the chart repository,
the charts, it contains the checksums for our TGZ files, descriptions and so on. And this is
the file that Helm will read when we add a new repository with a command like helm repo,
where we add a repo to and point it to the chart repository, we'll soon take a look at
what contents we have here so that we understand better. And finally, the provenance
file we generated earlier in case users want to verify cryptographic signatures so that they can
be sure that they download the content that was approved by us and not some potentially
malicious content that some attacker could have uploaded to a compromised server.
So currently, we have the package which ends with the .tgz extension, the provenance file with
the .prov extension. And what we are missing is the index.yaml file. To generate the index
.yaml file, we first create a directory to group the required files together. And then
we create a directory called nginx chart files and move these two files under it.
Finally, we generate the index file, which is rather easy just using the Helm repo index command
and passing the location of the directory that we just created, which has the necessary files,
as well as point to the URL of the chart repository that we will be uploading this to
under the Nginx chart files directory, we now see the index.yaml file. So let's take a closer
look at that index.yaml file. The info we see here is pretty straightforward. As far as Helm
is concerned, the URLs section is what is most important. So this tells it the locations
from where it can download charts whenever users want to install something from this repository.
And it also lists all the entries that are the charts that are available in this particular
repository. So now that we have the three files ready, it's time to upload them to a chart repository.
Now, the upload just works like any upload, you could just upload your charts to wherever you want,
such as a web server that you control or a service like Google Cloud Storage bucket or Amazon S3
bucket, a DigitalOcean object storage and so on. And so these services are very cost
effective and super easy to maintain, you could upload the files to GitHub Pages as well. And
there's a process for that. So when you upload, once you upload these files, get the URL
to the storage location, this could be the S3 bucket or the Google Storage bucket, or to where
you have uploaded the file. And then all that you need is share that URL to those who need to
download your chart. And so as we discussed earlier, add the repository to the local Helm
repos list. So run the Helm repo add command to add the new repository, and then run the Helm
repo list command to confirm that the new repository has been added. And then we install our
new cool chart using the Helm install command, and then specify the repository name slash the chart
name. Well, that's all for now. And I will see you in the next video.